I don't even know where to begin.
I, I, I guess we can just jump in. Ooh. Can we turn me down?
Yep. Uh,
what was your main impact?
Uh, this Friday?
He, I guess he, he talked, uh, to Mindy
and I on Wednesday for maybe three hours.
Uh, and then we jumped back into,
no, that was Thursday morning.
Thursday night, we jumped into a, a leadership meeting
with the, the core leadership of the, of the church.
And his themes were the same, uh,
securing, uh, a proper marriage
and getting honey out of the carcass.
And it is like the Bible, if,
if he wants to scream it, he repeats himself.
And Doc was just repeating, I want,
I want marriages in line.
I want, I want proper marriage.
I want the husbands, uh, properly, uh, aligned.
I want them accurate. I want them.
And so he kept saying that over and over.
And I'm like, okay.
I, I'm, I'm hearing, I'm hearing you
because God's been dealing with me and,
and just the way I manage my home, how it's
crooked and, and God's going.
I want you, I want you straight.
And, and so, uh,
I know it's gonna be a, a process, and it,
and it doesn't happen over overnight.
Um, I was talking to, to Kevin
and Jackie, I, I feel like a, a hose that
that's stretched out and the fos is on, and it's the grace.
And I've let Mindy just get a little, little trickle.
I feel like a, a plug in the, in the grace for my home.
And, and I can't manage the, uh, the KC
unless that's fixed.
And so God's going to get this in line, get,
get this in order, get this straightened out.
And, and so I feel like it's a, a hose that's stretched out,
the water's running a, a trickle,
and then it's gonna just be a little bit more and,
and a little bit more.
And, and then, uh, a deluge for, for my family.
But it can't be all at once. It'll just overwhelm us.
And so, God's patient, thank God, um, as long
as I can stay in, in, in the process.
And I think that's what God's saying,
just stay in the process, uh, be, be,
be built, be it.
It's okay to, to, to take a, a little while to build this.
Rome wasn't built in the day.
And, and so let's, let's, uh, uh, continue just
little by little, a alignment, straightened out.
And, and so that was a, a huge impact for, for me,
um, just to start.
And so, um, next week we will,
we're gonna dive into the, the six points that
that doc laid out for our church.
I want, I want this established. I want that established.
And it, it was like the apostle
weightiness came into our, our, our midst
and said, this is how I want you to manage, uh, his letter
to, to CFG
or whatever we're we're gonna be called.
I, I want this established in you,
and you're going to, to, to be successful.
And so we're gonna go through that, um, line upon line and,
and in depth, uh, next Sun Sunday.
So, uh, just be, come prepared to,
to really Hear the,
hear my heart,
what I gathered from Doc.
And
I didn't want this.
I never would have chosen this path,
but Teddy goes, I, God called the,
and he placed the right man.
That's right. And so I'm
wrestling with, I don't want this.
I don't wanna, I don't, I don't want to lead.
I don't want it. I, I hate being in front.
I, I hate, I hate this. I want to be in the back.
I want to. And, And so I,
I want to steward what, what doc brought to us,
and I wanna steward it.
Well, uh, the, he was talking about the seeds
of, of the past.
You know, we, we prayed for years that,
that God would dig up those old whales of, of revival
or that, that were around here, established around here.
And thank God he didn't answer those prayers back then,
because we weren't, we weren't ready for that
when I was in Trinidad.
Doc said he's, I was like a triage, and I've been taken out
and planted into this fertile ground
and a sterile environment for, for growth.
And we can take those seeds of the past now and,
and plant those and,
and watch them watch that, that old,
the old things that God wanted to do in, in this area, that
that was never really accomplished.
We can we get to partner with that.
We get to see that stuff, uh, come to pass
my heart's cry for, for revival and,
and just a move of God over this city and, and transforming.
And, and so it's like, there's hope.
You know, there, there's, there's massive hope that,
that we are where we're supposed to be.
We're secured. We're, we're, we're, uh,
we're, We're okay.
You know? Um, we thank God for Scent Life for,
and, and the leadership that
that's brought us to this place.
We're not done with Scent Life.
We're, we're, it's like this, that core,
it's just getting bigger and bigger.
And, and the grace is, is getting stronger and stronger.
And so that, that's where we're at.
I mean, so what did, what did what some
of your guys' impacts, uh, Jason?
Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hey, there we go. Um, so, uh, me
and Desi met with Doc, you know, just us and him.
And we've been through a lot the past, like year
or two, it's been, hasn't been easy for us, you know,
and a lot of what happened wasn't necessarily our fault.
I like what David said on
how we're not victims, we're overcomers.
Um, but in my heart, I've been like,
not okay with how everything went.
And one thing that Doc said to me was
that if you fall under despair
and anger, it's like a circle that you're going in.
And if you go in that circle long enough,
it creates grooves.
And that groove is hard to get out
of once you've made that groove.
And, uh, what he said to me was
to find the honey in the carcass
and to forget the things of the past.
He said to not just not be a victim, he like upped the ante.
He said that you need to not even remember, just forget
what happened in the past and move forward.
And that's something I think that like,
has been said to me a lot of times.
But for some reason when he said it, it clicked.
I think, I think I understood it.
I don't know if it's a grace or what happened,
but like, it started to actually click in my heart of where,
okay, I need to this, it's in the past, I can move forward.
I don't gotta think about that anymore.
And, uh, yeah, that's something that,
that really stuck out to me.
Excellent. Excellent.
Uh, Gary, why your,
Well, I was just thinking about, you know, our walk
with God and the transitions of senior pastors in the past.
And, um, you know, sometimes people flip out, they,
you know, get a little bit crazy
and say, ah, you're, you're not my pastor, or whatever.
But, you know, Greg, as you were talking, it reminded me
of Aaron and Moses.
Moses didn't, wasn't eloquent in speech, but Aaron was,
and God used Aaron to help Moses.
And later on, you know, it was Aaron
and her that lifted up Moses' hands.
Right. And I just want you to know, I want to be a Aaron.
Yeah. For you. Awesome.
I wanna lift up your hands, man.
'cause I'm excited for what God's gonna do. Awesome.
And, uh, we just, we just wanna be a part of that. Yeah.
You know, so, um, so good.
Ironically, last week we had
to put a water pressure reducer on our plumbing system
because we were at 95 pounds.
Who knew? Mm-hmm. Um,
but there's a scripture talks about lying upon lying precept
upon precept, and there's a deluge
coming to us all the time.
Right. But God has certain things for each individual.
Mm-hmm. And we don't have to feel like, Hey, I have
to understand all this and know all the acronyms
and know everything about Congress and know all this stuff.
No. It, God speaks to each one of us, what he wants us
to understand and what he wants us to walk in.
And I just think, I don't know, correct me if I'm wrong,
but I think that's where I'm at with, um, with this, is
that, you know, it's not gonna happen overnight.
It's, it's, we walk with the Lord. It's a process. Yeah.
We have to understand it's a process. Yeah.
And God is faithful to help us see
Absolutely. What the
process is for us individually. Absolutely.
Um, doc is a comedian. He's so funny.
Um, he just made it so light and so, um, down to earth.
And so, you know, matter of fact,
and, uh, his speaking with us, spending time
with us was amazing.
Yeah. I mean, he could have been in any
of 9,000 churches across the globe, and he came and,
and he, he cares about what's going on with Right.
Us. Right. Which is amazing. So. Absolutely.
And it's just covered with wisdom,
because it's not, it's not one of those things
that's gonna happen overnight.
There's a process, and that's the wisdom of God. Yeah.
There's a process that we, we all have to go through.
You're going through, we're, we're going through,
we just have to keep that in mind.
It's not gonna happen like overnight. Yeah.
It's, it's a process. Right.
So, right. And that's what Doc said, um,
when I was in Trinidad.
He goes, my, my personal process is your process.
Your process is my process.
We, we get to partner together, you know? And so, yeah.
That's beautiful. Uh, Bob, and then, and then Nick,
I, uh, found it interesting, uh, Friday night
as Doc shared the, the experience of
how the seed from this region, this area blew
to Trinidad and, and planted there.
And then it grew there,
and now it's coming back into our region through us.
And, uh, so being part of that, that history, I kind
of identify with all that.
But it was neat to see it come around again to
where God is moving in our region.
And, uh, and he mentioned that, uh, he wants,
and then it said in Parentes, God wants,
so basically it's the same thing.
Mm-hmm. Doc or God, you know, he wants us
to be light in this area.
Right. And I'm really looking forward
to seeing God expresses light through us as a, maybe
as a catalyst or whatever.
I don't know how he's gonna do it,
but we're gonna be light in this region.
Yeah. And that's what I'm looking
Forward to. Yeah, absolutely.
Uh, Nick, go, go to go to Nick.
And then, then, then Mateo.
I, uh, it really stood out
to me when he was talking about sight
and, um, um, you know, uh, from that verse in Ephesians
and the, the, uh, kind of prophetic story that he gave of,
um, of him driving down the highway in sight.
And one thing he said was that, um, uh,
spiritual site is not connected to like, um, intellect
or like, or, um, uh, natural intellect.
And that, that really struck a chord with me
because, uh, personally, uh, part of my makeup is I tend
to excel at intellectual capacity.
Yeah. Uh, but I, what I really,
what I really heard was that, um, that's not the,
that's not the, even the starting point of,
of spiritual sight and,
and the starting point of spiritual sight is,
is grace from the Lord and revelation from the Lord.
And so, um, that really, um, birthed a desire for
that deeper in my heart of, of Lord I can, I'd rather,
you know, give up any intellectual capacity
or whatever if I can gain spiritual sight. Yeah.
Good. Devin.
Um, so before I,
before I talk about my impact from Doc,
lemme give you a little bit of background, which goes back
to when we first got started with Congress, um, Congress,
this sign right here in front of us,
faith-based global human development.
It's what I do at work is I lead teams
and we figure out how to do business better,
blah, blah, blah, all that stuff.
So I'm like, Lord, what is that?
I want, I want gimme side of that Lord.
Um, like,
how do I bring you into my workplace in a new way instead
of just like being able to talk to people or whatever.
Lord, how do I impart your heart
and your character to people
around me when I'm kind of not supposed to?
Right. You know, I'm not supposed to do that at work.
So anyway, um, so then, uh,
in the, the sector diagram, the doc was talking about,
there's GCT in there in the business section.
I'm like, oh, this is really interesting. Okay, Lord.
And I get connected with, uh, Chelsea early, early on, like,
Chelsea, tell me more about the GCT.
How does this work? What do we need to do about it?
And basically what she said was,
don't worry about it for right now.
And I was like, Lord, that's not
the answer I was looking for.
Um, because we now have resource around us.
And I'm like, please, Lord, I wanna be resourced for this.
But it took another seven years until everything
that's happened, until the past were cleared,
until my heart was in the right place,
and obstacles were out of the way.
Um, and, uh, so, uh, she came a month ago
and met with us, uh, met with people who wanted
to be in the GCT and kind of talked about what that was.
And yesterday we did our GCT kickoff,
our first meeting with just us.
And really what we went over was we just went over her
material again, and then talked about some things
that are specific to us
and how we need to do things to help support Greg.
Um, and Greg
and I are gonna have more conversations about other
specifics, things that we need to figure out that are,
it's gonna cost me money, is what he's saying.
You need test. That is actually not what I said.
But, um, the, the thing that the Lord had been, uh,
impressing on me since we went up to Vasilis house was, um,
like building the next generation.
And so the, my big takeaway from, I mean, I took
so much away from Doc,
but, um, he was talking about the youth
and really, you know, how we have
to have generational succession.
And, uh, and that's part of what I shared with the, uh,
the group yesterday, is that that's, uh, to me,
the next generation isn't just the, the youth alone, it's
everyone that's involved in what we're doing with GCT
and GCT isn't just sound
and zoom kind of, that's the obvious part,
but there's a whole bunch of other things that we need to do
as a GCT to support
what happens here in the kingdom community.
So, um, just that whole thing about generational succession
and, um, God's really, you know,
giving me, he's giving Greg too.
He's giving me like a whole new fresh perspective on
what it means to build and orchestrate
and bring people together
and say, let's all move together in a forward
direction along this highway.
And, and I just also wanna say really quick,
that number five to me is just a big deal about being
confident, hearing the voice of God.
That is just, that's, uh, an integral part of
what we all have to do as a community.
And it was just so great to have Doc here.
Like we said, he just, he took time out
of his incredibly busy schedule
and the billions of flight miles that he has to succumb to
a 60 person church in Vancouver, Canada.
Oh, Vancouver, Washington. So anyway, yeah.
Yeah, Susan. Alright.
There was a few things that stuck out to me.
Um, but you covered it with, um, just the marriages
and something that he said on Friday night about, um,
that there shouldn't be any chambers of your husband's heart
that isn't open to you except for one.
And that was where the Holy Spirit speaks to him.
And it kind of got to me.
And then he was talking about, um, wives, how we nag about,
oh, there's a stoplight, there's this,
and it's got to me about like, am I, do I try
and be his personal Holy Spirit?
Like, Hey, you need to stop here,
or Hey, you need to go that way.
And really just letting him, like, as a wife, open that up.
So he's leading me
and I'm not saying, Hey, there's a stoplight over there,
or there's a red light over there.
We can't go that way. Yeah.
Um, but then also just that there's that sweetness
of the honey that's gonna go forward.
Yeah. That we've already had all the dead, um,
and gone through all that, but moving forward,
it's just gonna be the sweetness.
Yeah. Right. Um,
and then the other thing was the trans, um,
he talked about transactions in
our meeting on Thursday night with the leaders,
and he said that, um,
there's a constant transaction with God.
He, you're asking for sight, but what are we gonna give him?
We're gonna give him faith or we're,
are we gonna spend time in our word?
Um, so it's a transaction, transaction that has
to completely always be mo moving.
There's always something that he's gonna give us, but in,
but we have to go
and give him something, um, with that. Yeah.
That's so good. Yeah.
Back to the, uh, wives get, get access to every area
of, uh, the man's heart except for the one, uh, when I went
through my process back
whenever, uh, I was very guarded in, in with how I
let Mindy into my heart.
And, uh, I knew that, that the, the,
what God was putting his finger on was you got,
you just have to let that that go be.
But it was like, if I do, it's my vulnerability.
It's showing her my weakness.
And, and, and, uh, once I let her in,
she was like, that, that's it.
That, that, that was, that was all, uh, that, that you did.
And I'm like, man, that's so huge. And, and she's like that.
That's it. And at that, at that point, that's when God began
to, to heal.
He, he came in and,
and it was like, just erased the, the guilt,
the shame, the, the, all the stuff that I was carrying.
And so there, there, there's freedom in the, um,
letting your wife walk through your heart,
have every, every area.
Because if you can't do it with your wife,
you're not doing it with God.
So you're, he wants every, everything, like, doc is praying,
go through the precincts of my heart,
but we have all these doors closed.
Don't, don't touch that one.
Don't, don't go in, don't go there.
Don't, don't you dare, uh, uh, access that one. No.
That, that one's too painful.
But if we open all these doors, he,
he knows the perfect timing to go into 'em.
And, and so if we can leave those access doors open for him,
we'd need to do that for our wives,
because that is, is how
we manage, you know?
And, and so that was a huge impact for me too.
The leaving every, every area open for your wife.
No hiddenness, no hiddenness from your, from your family,
no hiddenness from your wife.
Of course, you, you don't have to tell her the, the per,
you know, the deeper personal stuff that, that
I think God is just wants that.
That's, that's where he goes. You know? So yeah.
That was a big impact.
Mateo,
I'm next and then, Oh, DJ's next.
Yeah, DJ's got the mag preacher, preacher.
Um, one of the things that stood out to me is kind of
what you talked about with just, um, being,
having well-built marriages, families and,
and it starts with being built as a man.
Um, and then one of the things that he had talked about was
being in the, the survival mode and,
and stabilization mode for us,
and how scent life had come alongside of us and,
and helped build us and everything.
Mm-hmm. And, uh, one of the things
that I was thinking about was we're gonna go from
survival mode to flourishing.
Yeah. And so, um, what
that, I kind of looked up what that meant,
and it says, um, a deeper state
of wellbeing involving growth, purpose
and optimal ization.
And so in a way, this kind of starts the next chapter
of our journey Yeah.
This weekend. And I just felt, um, just with meeting
with Doc on Thursday night
and just with the meeting on Friday, just walking away
with this huge encouragement.
So Yeah. Good. Mateo.
Well, kind of kind of related to
what you were saying, couple others.
Hold, hold the mic up just a little bit
so they can hear on the Zoom.
Oh, okay. Um, I just think God's timing is incredible.
You know, um, first of all, I believe that everything
that we've gone through, whether we understand it
or not, is part of God's plan all the way through.
And, um, I've been doing some studying in, uh, in Genesis.
And if I, if I look at all of Genesis, the, um,
the main theme of that is journey.
Uh, at its journey, it's individual journeys within,
uh, the larger journey of the body of Christ within
the purpose of God.
And here we are in this journey.
It's actually been kind of short accelerated,
but God comes in at this time when,
when we've been stabilizing and, and,
and he says, okay, now it's time.
And, and, uh, is that you? Yeah.
Um, and it, and it kind of was a surprise,
but it, it brings hope.
It, uh, it brings strength for, for the mission.
And I want to add that I, I didn't expect, um, him to bring,
uh, you know, Greg in and,
and process him into that se place.
But, but there's a strength in that.
I think God uses everything.
But I think that's needed for us, that, that having
somebody from within grow and,
and, um, be his instrument is essential.
Oh, shoot. My notes are gone.
Um, what was the other thing? Oh, okay.
So journey within Journeys. Right.
So we're, we're, I,
I've been focused on my own little journey
and it's been hard to step out of that.
But now since Doc came
and told us all about, uh,
the Pacific Northwest and the part we played
and the play part that they played in us,
and it's, it's God looking down
and saying, okay, let's do this thing in
the Pacific Northwest.
Here's what I want to see.
And he, and that goes and it trickles down.
And, um, so now we have this mission takes our eyes off
of our own personal journey
and places it back journey within the journey.
We're not serving here,
we're serving universally.
And, um, that there's so much strength in that.
And I had some other things, but
They're gone now. Good.
Good. Isabel,
maybe we'll get Toby going back and forth.
We'll, we'll pick someone over here.
Um, there were two things that really impacted me.
Um, we already covered one of them,
which was the honey and the carcass.
But really the sentence that really meant a lot to me was,
it's time to find the honey.
Um, 'cause like it's been repeated,
like I already know the honey is there,
like this was told to us before.
Um, and like, I just being told
by the Lord through dog that it's time to find that honey.
It's there. It's all I need to do is take that step
or take that, um, like partnership with the Lord
to like grab it and use it and taste it.
Yeah. Um,
and the other one was, um,
it was very convicting to me.
It was, um, can I trust you? Yeah.
And, um, for me, that was major
'cause um, it's been in my heart, um,
Like the, I don't know how to say it,
but how, um, that goal, that treasure that the Lord has,
like, that's been in my heart.
And for me to hear that, that was
huge because I saw the Lord telling me
there's alignment that needs to be done.
There's, um, like when you mentioned the access doors needed
to be open, um, like immediately God pointed out like,
these doors need to be open in your heart for me to enter.
Mm-hmm. And, um, so now with that, like, I'm just
receiving that and hearing that and just, I'm ready.
Yeah. That's awesome. And, um, with that go follows
to the third, which I is my excitement to see you
and Mindy as our, um, new leaders, our senior elders.
'cause when I heard that immediately
my spirit was like, yes.
And I like wholeheartedly partner.
We'll partner with you and with the Lord.
And I want you guys to hear that from me
and know that like, we are here
and partnering with the Lord, hearing with the Lord
with you, and we'll support you all the way.
That's awesome. So if you turn to judges, 14
verse eight, Samson,
it's the, the story about the, the lion.
But this really stuck out to me chapter, uh, 14
verse eight later.
He, he returned to MNA for the wedding.
He turned off the path to look for at the carcass
in, in the, uh, message Bible.
It says he took a detour.
And so he wasn't just walking down the road.
And he's like, oh yeah, there's that lion.
But he had to go purposely over, way over.
I don't know how far that that detour was
to go find that lion.
And I, I really am tired
of saying, yeah, we're a church that,
that the pastor decided to leave
and we're just dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
And giving them a little smell of the,
the carcass that, that we came out of.
And he said, go, put your hand in there.
Take the honey, get strength.
That was the one for me.
Second, taking it to whoever
and giving them strength.
And so he's saying, be done,
be done with, with that stuff.
And I've taken my detour.
I've stuck my hand in the honey and I'm strengthened.
And that's what he's saying to you guys,
Isabelle, go find that.
Take the detour where you got off path,
because the lion, he had to be off path
because that's where the lion came and, and went to attack.
And then, so he had to go back, go back to, to where that is
and, and put your hand in that.
Okay. That's for everybody.
The wounds, what the, whatever it's done.
We can walk out, just like Doc said,
leave the plantation.
Just go the guys,
we, we met, uh,
I don't know when it was growth group night
or whatever day that was.
Clean slate. It's done.
You don't have to live in that anymore.
The work's finished.
So, uh, Davin
Really quick on the honey.
One of the big things that I took away from
that is when Doc was talking about, um,
how s Samson gave his parents some of the honey,
and there's no stench on it.
And that really birthed, um, I have hope for my kids
who aren't walking with the Lord closely right now.
Um, but that gave me a new level of faith that my two, two
of my boys would just be able to be really connected.
That Priscilla and I can share our process now in a,
you know, season where we couldn't before,
but, uh, that there may be some, you know, restoration, some
whatever God wants, you know, in that. So, yeah.
Good. Mindy, It was on the same
line as what you were saying.
The the verse said, um, uh, he came
to his father and mother and gave, um, some
to them, and they also ate.
But they, but he did not tell them
that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion.
They probably had no idea that, you know, not only
that the honey came from there,
but that the lion even existed in the first place.
That doesn't, that had nothing to do with, um, how God used
that situation to bring strength to his family, um,
and to share with others.
And so as we move forward, um, we can grab that honey,
we can be strengthened by it.
Um, and then moving forward, I mean that, that stain of
where it came from, it doesn't even touch the, the blessing
and the flow of grace in our lives moving forward.
Um, we don't have to ever even share, you know, where
that honey came from.
It can be, you know, just this thing that's kind of deep
inside of us that strengthens our faith, um,
but never has to touch, uh, you know, those who
that strength is gonna be poured out to. Yeah.
Yeah.
I love what everybody's sharing.
So strengthening in our meeting, uh, with Rob, Rob and I
and Doc, he talked about the apostolic
and told us a story of what the apostolic is like.
And he had a vision and,
and saw blocks that were all, um, out of order.
And he stuck his hand and put the blocks in order.
He just knew, and they were children's blocks.
Um, and he said, that's significant.
And that I have the ability to go in
and put things in their proper order.
That's what the apostolics like mm-hmm.
And everything else, he said a bunch of different things,
but everything else came from that.
And in my life, personally, questions
that he has no idea that I have.
As he spoke, those blocks were set in order in my own
heart, in my marriage.
Those things were set in order.
And then he came Friday and did it again.
You know, my place in the community, what the, you know,
the history, you know, in, in the eighties
and the nineties, I knew where I was.
I knew what I was doing and how God saved me.
How does a southern California girl get
in the Pacific Northwest?
I don't know. Um, only God can do that.
And so the, the zooming in, zooming out,
like it almost felt sick, you know,
like too much motion sickness of it.
It's me, it's us, it's me, it's us. Yeah.
Um, but it was so beautiful
and so powerful that he reached in to each one of us
and to us as a community
and set us solid and right.
And future focused, able to give Yeah.
Honey freely and, and have more than enough. Yeah.
Good, good. Desi.
Okay. Yeah. And then if you're part
of the executive team, you can't skip.
Um, so we'll, we'll call on you if you don't volunteer.
So be prepared.
So in the middle of doc talking,
I don't even know if it was related to anything he said
or not, but God just really impressed on my heart.
And this was Friday night that, um,
I've been living in a state of faithlessness And,
uh, directly related to kind
of what we've been talking about.
Like, so many questions of like, how could this happen?
Why did this happen? Where did I go wrong? How do I move on?
How do I forgive? Mm-hmm.
Um, and just going through those, you know,
things that you do enough times, it becomes a rut.
And God showed me that that's not just innocent questioning,
that's faithlessness.
And he put his finger on that and he identified that.
Um, and so then that gives me a choice.
Do I walk knowingly in faithlessness
or do I give it all to him?
Mm-hmm. And it's not, it can't be 99.99%.
It has to be a hundred percent of saying
this was God's will.
This was his sovereignty. He had a plan.
It's not 99.99%. I believe he had a plan.
It's a hundred percent he had a plan.
Um, and it relates so much to that honey.
Um, one thing he said about the honey
that I don't remember him saying
before is that he said, the purpose
of the carcass is the honey.
And that's a direct quote.
And that's a whole different way of seeing it,
because kind of how I understood it
before is like the carcass happens to be there
and it just sucks.
But God can make honey out of it.
But, but no, he said the purpose
of the carcass was the honey.
And that's a hundred percent faith right there. Yeah.
Um, so I shared this with my growth group that I apologized
to him, and I just feel like Friday night
was in my heart.
I was like, okay, I can move on.
And that's just like such a beautiful thing.
I didn't know how I would get to that point,
and I still don't know how he did it.
Um, but in his faithfulness, um,
I feel like I can, that's the past chapter,
like you were saying, and that really hit me what you said,
Greg, because that's how I've been explaining it to people.
I tell them what we went through so
that they understand where we are.
It's like we don't have to, we don't have
to go over the old things we can.
Um, because like Mindy said, like when he brought the honey,
he didn't explain it.
He didn't have to explain it.
He just brought it, and there was no
smell of the carcass on it.
Um, and then I just, one thing Megan said to the women,
uh, was that's Jeff's wife.
And so after Jeff shared with the men, she shared
with the women from her perspective, one thing she said
that, um, has just really stuck with me is she said,
he showed me, he has, God showed me, he has the right
to script my life however he sees fit.
Yeah. And I think it's just,
that's the honey is, Is God.
God has his hand, he has the control.
Yeah. That's so beautiful. Beautiful. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh, Joyce, I,
I think this is a first.
Um, so a couple things that, that really have, um,
that got placed on my heart that I wanted to share is
that we can look back and this whole year
and we can just say, you know, all these things that,
you know, that has happened and,
and all the negatives, you know, and everything.
It's like, oh, poor me, poor me, poor us.
Look at us, you know, and,
and we can be at that perspective.
Um, and of course, that's not where God wants us to be.
God wants us to live above our circumstances.
So in, um,
Old age, you know, I just had my birthday yesterday
and, um, so in, uh,
Romans 8 28,
and we know that all things work together for good to those
who love God, to those who are in the called according
to his purpose.
And all things work together for good.
All things, the hurt, the bad, the ugly
that has taken place, that that took place.
All these things work together for good.
And, you know, we just, um, have to believe
and know that we are called according to his purpose.
And, um, another thing that I wanted to add to that,
according to his purpose, is I started thinking about,
you know, the whole entire process of, you know, um,
shutting down everything.
And then, you know, meeting in, uh, Vail's home
and that whole, you know, um, um, scent life
and df, you know, just walking alongside us and,
and protecting us, you know, over, you know, um, keeping us
under their wing, so to speak.
And, um, and then the Friday night,
we've been given a thrust to go to move forward.
We, we can, we know where we're going now.
We know what the, what, what the, what God's purpose is.
And we're, we are in the middle of it.
And the picture that I had, that I got, um,
just this morning was a little child,
and I'm sure everybody can relate in this room,
a little child learning how to ride a bicycle.
And first there's, you know, training wheels on and,
and you're going along and there's training wheels.
Well, that stage for us was when we were meeting in Vail's
house, we were, we, we were going to church
with training wheels.
And then little by little, you take away that, that support
and you kind of let you know, you let the child, you know,
kind of, uh, ride the bicycle without the training wheels.
And there's a lot of, you know, tipping over and falling
and, and so forth.
But then pretty soon they have confidence
and they start sailing down the road by themselves
without any training wheels.
And we are in that process.
We are where those training wheels are coming off,
and we are going to be sailing down the road,
down the hill up, you know, and,
and we are, we are going to be riding with confidence
towards that, towards that, you know, that, that future.
And that's because we are in his purpose. Yeah.
Right. That's good. Good.
Joshua?
Um, something I completely,
um, kind of misunderstood for a long time was, um,
the story of the carcass.
Um, I've always looked at that as a bad thing.
'cause um, this Sam, this with Samuel, um,
before birth Samson, why did I say Samuel?
Um, before birth?
He's been following then, was it nite laws? Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Um, which was, don't drink,
don't touch a dead animal, don't cut your hair.
Right. And I've always looked at that as like,
like all the wrong he was doing.
And it's, I've, I've looked at that.
I've never heard it as I, the true beauty behind it.
I've always seen like, oh, he is in a vineyard
and he touches the, the lion he killed,
and he, his hair gets cut.
Mm-hmm. Like, he's just doing wrong. Mm-hmm.
Um, and especially that story, I'm like,
not only is he doing wrong
by touching a da dead animal, right.
But he's spreading that to his parents. Oh.
And I've always, I've never, I, I guess the,
the bigger picture of how, how it was something
that I, I don't know, just the,
I I guess it was like blinding my view of
how God is transforming this story.
And I was, um, I don't know.
I I thought that was fascinating.
And especially hearing at the start, I was like, I was like,
I mean, I, I've never heard it that way.
And I was like, what's going on?
Like, is it, I thought that was a bad thing this whole time.
Yeah. Wow. And now I'm like, oh, well, I mean, I was just
kind of, kind of blinded.
But, um, and then, I mean, and then he goes right after that
and he is talking about sight.
And I'm like, oh, wow.
This is like, I, I've, I'm like, is he saying this?
'cause I'm in the room, or I'm like,
this is very, very direct.
This is, uh, I just thought
it was fascinating. That's awesome.
Wow. That's so good. That's so good. All right.
Oh, Jerry, you, you, you,
Uh, When he's talking about building the temple
and building the walls and how they, like
where the individual stones
and how they slotted together,
there was no mortar, there was no cement.
And how the buildings taking place place out in a quarry.
So when our meetings and stuff like that,
and just the importance of our personal life,
our personal process of the things he even said he wants
done here isn't the community itself.
It's our individual walks that we're responsible for. Yeah.
It's not anything you're gonna build, Greg.
It's any is what we're building.
Right. You're leading the way.
Absolutely. That's it. Absolutely. Yep. Yep.
Roberto,
Thank you. Um,
you know, a couple things that I, the, one
of the main things I took away was just that moving forward,
it's that motion and movement forward.
And, um, you know, part of it was that story about the,
the blocks and the how, how doc's apostolic function is
that he know, he can see how things fit.
He knows where, what order they go in
and he knows, um, what belongs and what doesn't belong.
And, and, um, and he said, you know, in that,
in on Friday night, you know,
there's no smell of smoke here.
So there's, there's no smell of the carcass here at all.
You guys are, he was basically, basically saying,
you guys are clean, move forward.
And, um, and both in our meeting on Thursday
and then on Friday, that kind of moved into, um, you know,
uh, uh, what's the next step with, with Greg, um, you know,
and his process and coming in and,
and this is what it's gonna look like,
and this is about how long it's gonna take, they give
or take, but this is, you know,
gave us even kind of a timeline.
And he even said that to us on Thursday when we were,
when we were talking to him.
And, and, um, and that was just so, um, I loved seeing
that order that he could put in.
He's, he was saying, look, here's
what I've been given from God.
Mm-hmm. Here's what my gifting is.
And then, and then here's what it's gonna look like for,
for you guys moving forward.
So he kinda gave the context of his authority
and then said, here's what it is.
Right. And, um, that was just such a, a solidifying for,
for I think me and for Natalie and our marriage and,
and us moving forward as a community that, um,
that just gave a reassurance and, um,
and a solidness that, that was, uh, just, I,
I don't know, I don't have a word for it.
Beautiful. Awesome. Yeah. Encouraging edifying. Right.
You know, all sorts of of words.
None of 'em really completely say it.
And, um, and so that was, uh, for me, just the,
the kind of, like Natalie said, the, the foundation of
what he was doing for, for us.
And then, you know, I love listening to the, the sharing
because I get something each time and it sparks this.
And I remember that. And, um, you know, Desi said something
and it sparked something, and now I've lost it.
So that one's gonna go, but, but it'll come back.
But, um, you know, Jason said, you know, where Doc told him,
if you, if you stay on that, on that, um, focusing on
that carcass on the dead stuff, it creates a groove.
And then that, that reminded me of, of the, um, uh,
of the prophecy that, that Steve Schultz and,
and Scott Webster.
And, and, um, DF uh, when he gave that to me, he said,
God's gonna sand all
that down and regroup.
And until today, I wasn't able
to put those two things together. Yeah.
Wow. So The prophecy keeps unfolding. Yeah.
I thought it was then it had nothing to do with Right.
Then it knew what was gonna happen. Yeah.
It knew what all of that, and, um,
and the purpose is the honey. Yeah.
That's so good. Priscilla.
Um, for, for me, one of the things that
impacted me most, uh, when dog was, uh, sharing with us,
uh, on even Thursday
and Friday, was the common thread
through the whole thing about, um, being accurate
and building accurately and building accurate marriages
and straightening your home first, and then your community.
And, um, I, I feel like we're into the,
the last four, uh, lanes, um, where we're hearing the voice
of God clearly and confidently and, um, we're refreshed
and renewed for a new thrust.
And that's what happened Friday, where we are like, whoosh.
Yeah. Push forward. Um,
and, um, uh, finalized maturity where
I feel like we have in the last 10 months have leaps
and bounds of maturity and, uh, sorry.
And, uh, there's this acceleration, uh, happening.
You know, we have a six month window of acceleration and,
but what he's calling us is to be exact in the, in that time
and, um, accurate.
Yeah. Good. Good.
We need to hear from some of our, our Jacobs. Yeah,
I got you.
Okay. Um, so something
that Doc mentioned, um, was
that the youth will become partners, um, in the execution
of the journey and take up the mission for our God
to be truly known as the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.
Um, and so I think that, um,
as God reveals our identity and gives us more sight
and clarity on, um, our mission, um, in these next steps,
I'm just, I'm just excited to get to know Andrew's God.
Um, not everybody else is God. Yeah.
Um, and just get to walk closer with him in pro,
like closer in proximity to him, um,
and just get to know him, um, personally.
Um, and then of course just dialect with my brothers
and, you know, learning, um, their process
and, um, that just feeds into my process.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Good. Absolutely. Judah.
Uh, I like what Desi said, um, the reason
for the carcass is the honey.
And I always thought that like, all the bad things
that happened to me were because I was being punished
or hated or anything like that.
But really it's just
because something good will come out of it.
And, um, once you forget about that carcass
or don't even know it was there,
it was like it never even happened.
Mm-hmm. Um, all you have is that fresh honey. Yeah.
It's so good. Excellent.
Yeah. Friday night just felt like a full
abolition of the past.
Like that the whole,
like having the carcass in our minds just went away.
It was just the honey that became the focus,
and especially him listing like the values of
what a community is, like, what the leaders are supposed
to be, what the women are supposed to be, and the men
and children and youth and everything.
And it's just so encouraging.
'cause that's what pure Congress is.
And I feel like now that we're moving forward,
we can walk in authenticity of what Congress is
and that what's what, that's what we didn't have before.
Yeah. And so it was just really encouraging
and exciting to hear, like, this is what I wanted.
'cause I've like traveled to other cases in the past too,
and like being part of prison, like I've gotten a taste of
what Congress is and then becoming CFG that got
to just drown in it.
And then now to move forward in like, our own process
of being KC and being fully Congress.
Yeah. It's just exciting.
So it was really just refreshing
and encouraging to hear Doc lay everything on,
and I'm excited to move forward in it.
Yeah. Good.
Kevin, Amber, or Jackie,
you can't escape.
Um, yeah, this was a really impactful week, I think
with our one-on-one with Doc.
Um, we came in with questions about GPS, you know,
what's we asked Doc, what's your heart for GPS?
And, um, he really just down poured into that.
And, um,
along the way he started asking
us questions about each other.
He's like, how long have you been married?
How many kids do you have?
And, um, and then the conversation just shifted to,
you know, when the Lord arrives, he's not gonna ask you
how well you led GPS.
He's gonna ask you, how well did you lead my daughter?
How well were you there for my son?
And there was just, I really understood calibration to a new
degree in the sense that as soon as he said
that, I was like, whoa.
There was this shift in me where I saw Kevin
and I running together, but not with our hands.
And our, our focuses everywhere,
but our, our sight fixated on each other.
And I, um, remembered the scripture
that Megan had said in the women's meeting of, um,
seek first the kingdom and all things will be added to you.
And there's just such a strong emphasis on marriages.
Like the Lord wants radiant marriages
for people coming in for the old, like there was such a, um,
an inaccurate structure there that broke apart, uh, uh,
what the enemy wanted to break apart a community,
but we came out thriving strong.
And so I just really heard like, as, as we build
inside our marriage, as we see God's will,
everything else will be added to us.
You know, and that wasn't just for me and Kevin,
but that was for our community.
Like, there has to be that, that, um, stabilization there,
you know, and every conversation we had with Doc, um,
he referenced Mrs.
Woodruff, like, I have a wife at home.
She stabilizes our home.
This is how I'm able to do all these things.
And so as the Lord builds us, as our Hebron becomes strong,
the wall of our community, like there's a, a a call
for the women too to, to stand firm with them.
And so everything, everything just floated to
what we've been hearing these past six months.
So it was really good.
Awesome.
Kevin, just so
Toby can get his steps in
Getting good exercise today, it's good.
Um, yeah. Then he'll go to you next.
I like this back and forth. It's nice. Good job, Toby.
You're doing a great job. Um, yeah.
Jackie really hit with our one-on-one meeting.
Um, how we had, I had, I developed a list
of questions and then I was like, okay, if, if I need
to use these questions, 'cause I don't wanna just go sit
down and stare at him awkwardly.
Like, I need to have questions ready.
And so, but I, I didn't even get, I got
to the first question, that was it.
And he began to talk about,
and when I was reflecting at first, I was like, oh man,
I didn't get to ask all these questions.
But then as I was reflecting over the meeting, I was like,
all these questions got answered in every area.
I had questions about GPS, I had questions about marriage,
I had questions about parenting.
And as he began to talk, and we, the meeting went on
and on, all of it got,
every question got answered without
even asking the question.
Yeah. It was like, it, it brought,
and I posted in my growth group a couple weeks ago how, um,
Jack and I were like, we were just like
exhausted a little bit.
Like we're, we're spread thin kind of,
and we're, we're trying and trying and expending energy
and expending energy, but just exhausted feeling like, like
physically and, and mentally and emotionally drained.
And that's when DF came in
and started talking about stillness.
And then, and then in this weekend, um,
on Friday doc talking about how
Congress was like this big block,
and then for two years it was like splintered
and it shot off in different things.
And then God took them through a process
and then he, it like, bring it all into,
they're just segments of one thing.
And it felt like all these,
like, I need to be a good husband.
I need to be a GPS leader.
I need to be good at work,
and I need to be, you know, helpful in the home,
and I need to be a good dad.
And what does that even mean? All this stuff.
It brought all those questions that I had brought,
got brought into a singularity of life where
through his authentic life and,
and him walking with God over the years and,
and this journey and us being grafted into that, it,
I'm also, my life is also becoming a singularity of, of
not being thrown out into all these different areas,
but like, just be the man that God wants you to be.
Be the husband at home that God wants you to be,
and everything else will flow Yeah.
Into that. And so, um, it answered all my questions
that brought me a lot of like, okay, confidence.
Like we can do this, we can do this.
Another thing that he hit on in our meeting as well was,
um, full community participation.
It's gonna take every single one of us here to build
what God wants us to build.
And so we have to all work and walk
and build together in oneness.
And, and that's the density.
And, um, he, he said, he said that to us, the, uh,
the Abraham, Isaac
and Jacob, the God of, he could have just stopped
by saying the God of Abraham, but it's all three
and God builds a community and it requires all of us.
Nobody's sitting on the sidelines, nobody having doubts.
I'm not good enough, or what about this situation?
Or it's, it's all of us walking together
and full participation from all of us to build
what God wants to build.
So that gave me sight on like moving forward.
I'm like, okay, we need to hear every voice.
So, um, yeah.
And then also just meeting with him, I just saw
his authentic life, him and Aronde sitting and talking,
and you just see the authenticity of how much they love God
and humans, the saints,
they really love people who love the saints.
And him talking here, like, you guys are the gold.
And it's just like so much identity being poured into us.
How, you know, we were never told we were the gold.
And now we get to walk in that in fullness.
Like, yeah, I am gold, you know,
put me in the rain and I don't rust.
I, I I have properties of gold. Yeah.
I'm, I'm God's children, you know?
Um, and then, sorry, I don't wanna set, uh,
share on and on and on,
but a ronde, um, he was
just quiet on the side for most of the time mm-hmm.
Until Doc was like, do you want to pray?
And then, holy moly, dude, what in the world?
I was like, whoa, where'd that come from?
I was like, oh my gosh, I want that.
I don't have to share and share and share
and like, you know, I could be quiet.
And when God calls me the density
and strength inside of him, wow.
I'm like, dude, I want to be like a rendez.
I'm like, oh my gosh. And then finally the last thing I
wanted to, um, share that I saw from Friday was in Arkansas.
He talked about the footsteps
and how we, we fall in the foot.
If you walking in the kingdom, if you look like on a beach,
there's a following Christ.
There's just one set of footprints.
And as a community, I felt
that we were like taking our first footprint
that wasn't gonna make a, a mess.
You know, that wasn't gonna make like a imprint perfectly.
It was perfectly in line.
And it, it just felt like, like we were taking a step
in accuracy and strength and, and confidence.
And um, and I remember inside of
that talking about the footsteps.
He, um, he talked about there's, there's more to come.
And as he was talking about his journey, I'm like, yeah,
we're, we're, those were those extra
the more that were to come.
But then, you know, God also reminded me
that there's more after us too.
And so to build in, in accuracy to make sure
that our footsteps are properly aligned.
But then inside of that, it's just like, we just have
to follow, keep following the footprints. So, yeah.
Good. Um, as Amber shares,
we'll someone, uh, go get the kids and,
and someone go get the, the communion.
All right. So, um, yeah,
this weekend was really impactful.
Um, I feel like every time,
um, I hear Doc speak for whatever reason,
I end up going back into the prophetic word that we got from
Steve and Scott, um, and David.
Um, and one of the things that, uh, Steve said to Jerry
and I, um, was that we
had very fuzzy architecture
and that we were coming from places of chaos.
Um, and I've never, I,
I didn't really understand that at the time.
Like I didn't have the best, uh, childhood, I guess,
but it, that also didn't really fit.
Um, and so after this last year
and just everything that we've experienced, like that was,
that was the fuzzy architecture.
That was the chaos we were coming from.
Um, my, uh,
I think it was Davin actually that said something like, uh,
when people would ask you, why are you still at this church?
Well, because God hasn't told me to move.
Um, I started thinking about that
and was like, man, we've been here for a long time
and I don't really know why there's not, there's not,
you know, God hasn't said, you know, you're here
for this reason or whatever.
It was just kind of quiet and waiting.
Um, but then after this weekend and,
and remembering what Steve Schultz said to us, and
after hearing the announcement about you, Greg, um,
my spirit was just like, oh, this is,
this is what you've been waiting for.
This is why you were placed here.
This is what we've, this is what we've been waiting for.
And it's, I'm just, I'm really excited, really excited.
Good. Awesome.
While Kevin was talking. Hello.
Check, check, check, check, check.
While, uh, Kevin was talking,
we need everybody.
Yes. Nothing moves
without everybody.
Connor's just as significant as, as I am.
And, and Solo has a, has a purpose
and Peter,
so I don't want them just to be in the room
by themselves and we just do whatever,
but I want them to be part of this.
Yeah.
I don't want to look at the kids as Oh, they're just kids.
You know, I think of a, a prophetic vision
that one of the Uri girls had very significant
What dreams, what visions can Lana have or Connor have?
Or, or
I got something.
They're gold. That's right.
He said, take care of the gold.
Yeah. Gold. And
the we're generational.
You know, the, the kids need a bob,
they need a Griselda.
They're watching, they're watching you already.
And so we just pass by them and, and oh, it's just a kid.
But the touch of, of, of you
and imprinting into their lives can, what can that do
for them going up to the youth and,
and sharing life with, with the youth,
and they're like, doc told Kevin
and Jackie, the kids are watching you.
They're scanning you. They're, and that's our lives.
They're scanning us. I want to be a pattern. Yeah.
Not just for my kids, but for your kids
and the kids that come in.
I want, I want them to go, I want to smell, I want to look,
I want to follow that.
Yeah.
So let's take
the bread and thank God
for just what he's doing.
The journey that we're on and,
and the, the movement forward that we're,
we're projected into.
Doc, doc told me in, in Trinidad, I was,
I, I'm like a slingshot.
I was pulled back into darkness.
But wait until you get let, let go of
and the projection forward, he goes, watch out
So
dearly father, we stand here
and utter awe of what you're doing and, and,
and doing in our church.
Lord God, what you're, what you're about
to build and, and wanting to do.
Lord God. We, we don't take that lightly.
But Father God, I pray that, that we would steward your,
your, uh, desires.
Well, yes. God.
God, I, I pray like, like doc, that whatever you, you ask,
we do, we do it with joy and, and, and hope
or God and, and peace.
Yes. Yes. Father God, I pray that, that, uh,
your will will be done. Yes.
Yes. Yes. God.
I'm just a, a servant saying, I'm, I'm willing,
I'm willing to, to do what you want to do and, and,
and say what you want to be said, Lord God.
And, and go where you want me to go, father God.
And I pray God, that, that, that you would go
before this church and, and we would follow exactly.
In your footsteps. Yes.
We wouldn't deviate to the right or to the left, father God,
but we would stay exactly where you want us to be.
We don't go in arrogance and, and, uh, a haughtiness,
but Lord God, we go humbly.
Yes. Father God, I pray
that you would just be with us, father God.
Yes. We won't move unless you move. Yes.
God, Lord, God. You're, you're,
You're, You're our substance.
You're our bread. Yes.
And we're just thankful.
Yes, Phil. Great.
I'm, I'm, I'm just thankful
that Thank you that you're doing.
Thank you, Lord, what you're doing. Yes.
You, We
partner with you Jesus.
Yes. We just partner with you in your living name. Yes.
Amen. Partake.
I think that's a beautiful place to stop.
So come next week,
uh, expecting, hopeful,
joyful, and have a blessed week.